---
title: 高三英语演讲稿
date: 2018-12-12
tags:
  - 年份-2018
  - 阶段-高中
  - 文体-信
  - 篇幅-中长篇
  - 主题-无
---

（视线扫过听众）Dear teachers, dear students, good afternoon!（鞠躬）

It's a great honor for me to stand here and give my speech. I'm an grade three student in high school. In the eyes of many people, I don't have many advantages. But I still study hard in order to realize my dream one day. Therefore, I will talk about my dream with you here.

Before I went to middle school, I accidnetally got a board with neat green lines and black squares on it. At that time, I was deeply attracted by the pattern on this board. Later, when I went to middle school, I learned that this board with beautiful pattern is called Printed Circuit Board. And the board needs electricity to work. So I was full of curiosity about electricity.

After I went to high school, I read a lot of books about electricity and gradually set my goal of becoming an honorable electronic engineer.

If I really become an honorable electronic engineer, I will design the Central Progressing Units and Graphic Progressing Units belonging to our Chinese people, which is my dream.（视线扫视听众）

Dream is beautiful, so in order to achieve this dream, we must exercise a strong will and the spirit of not afraid of difficulties. Thus I believe that nothing is difficult if you put your heart into it. I hope everyone present here can be firm in your dreams and work hard for them. Even if the fail, they will pave the way for future's success.（演讲稿移至背后）

My speech is over. Thank you!（鞠躬）

2018.12.12
